Preparation 1
Sam DeFrank: STA 418 01: August 31st, 2021
	After reading the article written by Alfie Kohn, I realized how much grades have actually impacted my own learning. A lot of the points that Kohn made were that giving grades to students diminishes the importance of what they are learning as well as the learning process itself. Not only are students more likely to not care about what they are learning, but they are also more likely to forget what they learned very soon after learning it. This is because school is now viewed by many as something that needs to be done correctly to pass. It doesn’t matter how much you learn anymore as long as you get a passing grade, so students will often push the actual material aside and just focus on what is needed to make sure they pass the class. The reason this is such a negative thing is because school is supposed to be preparing us for the real world, and if we aren’t retaining any of the information than we won’t be ready to start our careers when the time comes around.
	Another point that was made was that it isn’t always necessary or even possible to measure someone’s learning so why do we do it? My answer to this question is that we as humans are afraid to change what works especially if the change will affect the entire country. It is also a good way for the institutions to rank certain students and put them into categories based on “intelligence”. This basically just means that the people in power have an easier time putting students into careers and classes.
Overall I agree with Kohn. I don’t believe grades will be abolished during my lifetime, but 
I believe that they should be.
